---
term: short
---

# Demo Idea: Self Coding Exercise

A browser instance with the AGI Container instance that uses the voice and speech recognition features
to have a conversation.  The goal of the conversation will be to develop a set of capabilities for the AGI Container instance that allow it to accomplish some goal.  

To demonstrate, I will have a horizontal split chrome tab of the running representation of the AGI Container that has that same container instance, with whatever capabilities it developed for itself, and whatever it decides to present to the user based on its current state.


## Key Points

- IntrospectionView is a UI that is sort of like west world's programming mode for the bot. Kind of want to use StableDiffusion to allow the bot to tell us what it thinks it looks like, including allowing it to search and load its own loras from CivitAI 

- WorldView is a UI that is the AGIContainers choice of what to display based on its current Live world state, using the rest of the URL as input.  It could be something cached, it could be a hold on let me cook until something is in the cache. It should be a one to one mapping from container state to UI ( Like React )

- The Code the AGIContainer generates will be run inside the container's VM. This should allow the code generated by the container to modify itself to be very small and use the luca framework objects in sort of snippet like fashion. 

## Motivation

I want to demonstrate and exercise the power of LUCA by showing the `AgiContainer` in action.



